this train goes straight through
doomsday one side is paradise and the
other is hell
what happens when the arm is frozen to
minus 100 degrees
the arm turned into ice and easily been
broken to pieces when it got hit by a
hammer
humanity has faced a tragic scientific
accident that caused the earth to return
to the ice age
there were only thousands of lucky
survivors they live on this train
after 17 years a system of caste
discrimination was formed here
the rich live in luxury at the front of
the train and the poor live in the back
compartment
they cannot eat any meat when they
protested they were dragged out and
beaten up by the soldiers
the soldiers tortured the leader in
public they put his hand out of the
train
waited for his hand to freeze then they
smashed it with their hammers
the leader of the rebels was curtis he
secretly collected the empty barrel and
observed the closing time
he was prepared for war now soldiers are
going to check them out
curtis suddenly stole the gun aimed it
at himself in the head
and pulled the trigger he guessed it
right years ago
because of fighting against the rebels
their ammunition ran out
the rebels used empty iron barrels to
block the entrance
they quickly found the first victory
then curtis went to the train's prison
cell
this place holds important prisoners
they save a person
nam goong only he can open all the doors
of the cabin
nam goong took out a cigarette and
smoked in front of everyone
curtis and nam gong have successfully
negotiated they even brought
nam goong's daughter yona yona is not a
normal person
she can feel if the next cabins have
someone or not
with just a few simple steps nam goong
opened the door
when everyone entered the cabin they
could see the scenery outside the window
it was covered with ice and snow and the
wind was very cold
they started the attack jonah felt that
there was only one person
in the next cabin after the door opened
it was true that there was only one
person there
this place is the black ice cream
factory curtis is curious about what
people use to make it
he climbed on the machine to watch who
would expect that the food poor people
fight for was made out of cockroaches
they have been eating these for 17 years
he told his teammates the truth
they can't take it anymore but they
still have to move at that moment
jonah sensed danger she shouted don't
open the door
but it's too late the door opened inside
there were many muscular men
everyone covered their faces and held
axes in their hands
they intended to suppress the rebels
they put on sight glasses in the dark
the lights immediately turned off the
train was going through a dark tunnel
everywhere were the screams of the
rebels in desperation
curtis remembered namgung's matchbox
then he shouted
we need fire a boy who was holding a
torch quickly rushed over and passed the
torch to everyone
the rebels outrage reached its peak the
situation is reversed
on the cabin there were many injured
people during the chaos
curtis caught a woman with glasses the
train finally came out of the tunnel
in this battle they lost half of their
comrades curtis pities those who have
so
guy pushed in a cart he gave each of
them an egg while everyone was wondering
if the eggs could be eaten
the bald guy took out a gun from the egg
heart and shot them
then the teacher also attacked
frantically with another gun
one of them threw a knife at the teacher
they watched tv and found that all of
their comrades had been terminated
they captured their guarantees and then
shot him to death
they are not wavering they continued to
move forward
when they arrived at the rich's area
they were shocked
they were on the same train but the rich
even have beauty salons
pubs and bars everyone wears beautiful
makeup and doesn't care about the
existence of mankind
all day they just enjoy their depraved
life the rebels were
not interested in these people their
target is the leader of the train
he has to pay the price for killing so
many innocent people
then they reached the last cabin they
found that the door could not be opened
their people died a lot in this battle
curtis lit one last match
he recounted the incident 17 years ago
at that time he once wanted to eat human
flesh to survive
fortunately at that time an old man
sacrificed his arm to give it to
everyone
he was very ashamed at this moment the
door opened
lord appeared and shot nam gung he told
curtis that wilford
the leader wanted curtis to go in curtis
agrees
he saw a very stylish old man he told
curtis the truth
because to prevent people from eating
people he devised a way to control the
population
he will first transmit the news to the
poor the receiver is one of their friend
who died
they had a predetermined number of
people who would die as well as where
they would fail
the supplies on board are limited if
there is no limit to the population
one day there will be nothing to eat now
curtis realized that all of the
difficulties of the past few years were
caused by this old man
the old man's coldness made him
terrified human life for him is just a
game
now he saw that his way of doing was
also reasonable to ensure that the rest
of the people did not perish
the old man also wants curtis to take
over his position
yona ran to curtis begging he wavered at
that moment
yonah felt that someone was on the
ground two people tried to open the
floor
they saw a boy working as a slave curtis
awakened
he fights for equality he turned and
knocked the old man down and saved the
boy
curtis and nam gung embraced the two
children using their
bodies to prevent them from getting hurt
at the end of the story only two
children survived
they even saw a polar bear showing that
the world will return to its original
state
there was life outside of the train if
the people on the train were not cast
everyone was equal everyone would surely
be able to coexist with nature
do not be foolish to destroy nature if
not humanity will have trouble one day
glad to accompany you through this movie
see you next time